+++
abstract = "This chapter addresses the question of who benefits from forecasting, using `Forecasting for Social Good` as a motivating framework. Barriers to broadening the base of beneficiaries are identified, and some parallels are drawn with similar concerns that were expressed in the Operational Research literature some years ago. A recent initiative, called `Democratising Forecasting`, is discussed, highlighting its achievements, challenges, limitations and future agenda. Communication issues between the major forecasting stakeholders are also examined, with pointers being given for more effective communications, in order to gain the greatest benefits."


authors = ["Rostami-Tabar Bahman", "John E. Boylan"]
date = "2021-08-20"
math = true
publication_types = ["6"]
# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication = "Handbook of OR"
title = "Forecasting and its Beneficiaries"
# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "/papers/fbeneficiary.pdf"
url_source = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
doi = ""

#[[url_custom]]
#name = "DOI"
#url = "doi.org/10.1016/j.ejor.2021.07.057"


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
#url_custom = [{name = "DOI", url = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0377221718307562?via%3Dihub"}]


# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++